#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
amqp==5.2.0
    # via kombu
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via fs
asgiref==3.7.2
    # via django
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   openedx-events
    #   platform-plugin-turnitin
backports-zoneinfo[tzdata]==0.2.1
    # via
    #   celery
    #   kombu
billiard==4.2.0
    # via celery
bleach==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
boto3==1.34.34
    # via -r requirements/base.in
botocore==1.34.34
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2024.2.2
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via
    #   cryptography
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
click==8.1.7
    # via
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
code-annotations==1.6.0
    # via edx-toggles
cryptography==42.0.2
    # via pyjwt
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
django==3.2.23
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-waffle
    #   djangorestframework
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   edx-submissions
    #   edx-toggles
    #   jsonfield
    #   openedx-events
    #   platform-plugin-turnitin
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-toggles
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-submissions
django-simple-history==3.1.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
django-waffle==4.1.0
    # via
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-submissions
edx-django-utils==5.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   edx-toggles
edx-drf-extensions==10.1.0
    # via platform-plugin-turnitin
edx-i18n-tools==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-opaque-keys[django]==2.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   openedx-events
edx-submissions==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   platform-plugin-turnitin
edx-toggles==5.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
edx-toggles==5.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
fs==2.0.18
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   xblock
html5lib==1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.in
idna==2.8
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   requests
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via code-annotations
jmespath==1.0.1
    # via
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-submissions
kombu==5.3.5
    # via celery
lazy==1.6
    # via -r requirements/base.in
loremipsum==1.0.5
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
lxml==5.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   xblock
mako==1.3.2
    # via xblock
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   mako
    #   xblock
newrelic==9.6.0
    # via edx-django-utils
openedx-events==9.4.0
    # via platform-plugin-turnitin
path==13.1.0
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   path-py
path-py==12.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in
pbr==6.0.0
    # via stevedore
platform-plugin-turnitin @ git+https://github.com/eduNEXT/platform-plugin-turnitin.git@bav/receive-ora-submission-event
    # via -r requirements/base.in
polib==1.2.0
    # via edx-i18n-tools
psutil==5.9.8
    # via edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pyjwt[crypto]==2.8.0
    # via
    #   drf-jwt
    #   edx-drf-extensions
    #   pyjwt
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via edx-django-utils
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   botocore
    #   celery
    #   xblock
python-slugify==8.0.3
    # via code-annotations
python-swiftclient==3.13.1
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.in
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-submissions
    #   fs
    #   xblock
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-i18n-tools
    #   xblock
requests==2.31.0
    # via python-swiftclient
s3transfer==0.10.0
    # via boto3
semantic-version==2.10.0
    # via edx-drf-extensions
simplejson==3.19.2
    # via xblock
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   fs
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
    #   python-swiftclient
sqlparse==0.4.4
    # via django
stevedore==5.1.0
    # via
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   asgiref
    #   edx-opaque-keys
    #   kombu
tzdata==2023.4
    # via
    #   backports-zoneinfo
    #   celery
urllib3==1.26.18
    # via
    #   botocore
    #   requests
voluptuous==0.14.2
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.in
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
web-fragments==2.1.0
    # via xblock
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   html5lib
webob==1.8.7
    # via xblock
xblock==1.10.0
    # via -r requirements/base.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
